Kwangjin Baek: hello, my name is Jim back and i'm going to start demonstrating my assignment here i'm going to start with the fires.
Kwangjin Baek: I have images folder which has a faff con and html js and to CSS fires.
Kwangjin Baek: CSS files have styres main for general style and table for invoice table.
Kwangjin Baek: There is nothing much in the CSS files, but they have a crisis that manipulate the display status of each field right this one, for example, this will hide the invoice table when it when the application first runs.
Kwangjin Baek: And by the movie by removing this class, I will be able to show the inverse table there.
Kwangjin Baek: And for the html I have main form at the top and invoice table at the bottom.
Kwangjin Baek: And if I go to the coding.
Kwangjin Baek: I have a duty of a delay expressions at the top.
Kwangjin Baek: Because I have a duty pattern check.
Kwangjin Baek: And I have some barriers to check if there was an adder or not this.
Kwangjin Baek: error control array will check if there was an error initiative and based on the desert desert of this array this is their error boolean will be set to either true or false.
Kwangjin Baek: And by the way, by default.
Kwangjin Baek: They are set invalid.
Kwangjin Baek: and on on and in on summit event handler I have a statement and for that for iteration.
Kwangjin Baek: For iteration is to check if there was an error in error control Ray and if statement is for checking the is their error boolean so if there are valid valid in place order function will be court.
Kwangjin Baek: Basically what it does, is that it will hide the main phone and show the invoice table with the information that a user has put in.
Kwangjin Baek: For the concatenation and calculation i'm going to demonstrate it by learning the application later.
Kwangjin Baek: It has a switch statement.
Kwangjin Baek: To get the value by the fear the name for the delivery charge and province our provincial tax and if I go back to the top again.
Kwangjin Baek: I have this on improved event handler which will check.
Kwangjin Baek: If it's valid or not whenever there is an input.
Kwangjin Baek: So.
Kwangjin Baek: 30 rows at the top, is for.
Kwangjin Baek: validation for require the fear is.
Kwangjin Baek: So if I call this function.
Kwangjin Baek: If there is, if it's empty.
Kwangjin Baek: It will English English or the error message.
Kwangjin Baek: And it is not.
Kwangjin Baek: It is show the belly to belly the message and if I go into this function show in Berlin and chauvin it, these are.
Kwangjin Baek: main functions that control.
Kwangjin Baek: The flow of this whole operation.
Kwangjin Baek: What I mean by that is.
Kwangjin Baek: it's valid either set.
Kwangjin Baek: The value in the Arab country or a to either one or general.
Kwangjin Baek: And either set or the error messages or messages.
Kwangjin Baek: So these functions.
Kwangjin Baek: A chord in almost every function.
Kwangjin Baek: And these are.
Kwangjin Baek: For the parent check.
Kwangjin Baek: I have a use the switch statement.
Kwangjin Baek: To decide.
Kwangjin Baek: Which pattern.
Kwangjin Baek: Depending on the fear the name.
Kwangjin Baek: And these fears are also required the fields, so it has an STD statement so.
Kwangjin Baek: it's not empty it a check the pattern.
Kwangjin Baek: And this one.
Kwangjin Baek: Products validate product function.
Kwangjin Baek: is to check if at least one product is about.
Kwangjin Baek: Okay.
Kwangjin Baek: And this is the application.
Kwangjin Baek: So I said it's by default it's a force right So if I click phrase order.
Kwangjin Baek: It a lot to anything.
Kwangjin Baek: But if I start typing in something it a check if it's valid or not, because I have used input event handler.
Kwangjin Baek: and
Kwangjin Baek: full name I can type anything because it only validates if it's empty or not.
Kwangjin Baek: Only validates.
Kwangjin Baek: So I can type.
Kwangjin Baek: For the email, I have to match the parents, so I cannot type anything.
Kwangjin Baek: For the for the phone as well.
Kwangjin Baek: Sorry.
Kwangjin Baek: But I have a huge the.
Kwangjin Baek: Some I have some other options for this one, so I can use space.
Kwangjin Baek: PDF.
Kwangjin Baek: slash.
Kwangjin Baek: Things like that.
Kwangjin Baek: and for the other, so I can put it anything.
Kwangjin Baek: proceed as well.
Kwangjin Baek: But for the poster quote, I have to match the pattern so.
Kwangjin Baek: It has pattern capital number capital capital number capital so.
Kwangjin Baek: It gives me the error, because I didn't put the right format.
Kwangjin Baek: And I can, I have to choose at least one item so i'm going to.
Kwangjin Baek: Choose three then, it gives me the message, but i'm going to put some more.
Kwangjin Baek: news.
Kwangjin Baek: for checking and I can choose a province.
Kwangjin Baek: and delivery time.
Kwangjin Baek: And when I click a place order when there is no error.
Kwangjin Baek: Either show me next button and if I click that it will go to the invoice table.
Kwangjin Baek: So, as you can see, it has all the information that I have for them.
Kwangjin Baek: It has concatenate is the.
Kwangjin Baek: Other s CT province poster code.
Kwangjin Baek: and
Kwangjin Baek: Product product subtotal.
Kwangjin Baek: Prior to product one is product one cost $10 and I have, I have typed in to quantity, quality for quantity so 10 multiplied by two is 20.
Kwangjin Baek: similar to this 120 what five by 363 45 to 60.
Kwangjin Baek: and shipping charges for one day delivery is free, so it gives me a very.
Kwangjin Baek: Soft Torah.
Kwangjin Baek: Is.
Kwangjin Baek: 20 1616 plus shipping charge.
Kwangjin Baek: One at.
Kwangjin Baek: The Texas and Texas, it has a 40%.
Kwangjin Baek: For the.
Kwangjin Baek: auburn tigers.
Kwangjin Baek: So if I were to fly by.
Kwangjin Baek: It says cedar point.
team.
Kwangjin Baek: he sees a 2425 42 right.
Kwangjin Baek: And if I.
Kwangjin Baek: add this to the sub total.
Kwangjin Baek: This give me the total right.
Kwangjin Baek: Okay, thank you for watching see you in the class.
Kwangjin Baek: bye.